Now in programming something is considered to be a first class citizen.
If it can be treated as a value.
So for example functions inside of javascript are considered first class functions.
And so what that means is that you can pass functions as arguments you can return functions from other
functions.
You can even assign them to variables.
Now inside of 6 they continue this sort of tradition with classes.
And so as you saw with our class expressions we can assign them as variables and we can also even pass
them in his arguments so for example if I do a function here and we'll call it make object and it'll
take an object definition like so and then inside of here all it's going to do is return new def like
so.
And after that we can invoke the function and take what's returned and assign it to an object or to
a variable I should say.
So we can do make object.
And here I'll pass in a class as the argument right here and all it's going to do is say hi inside of
here soda's concert.
Like so now whoops if I go ahead and actually access this method you'll see it's a job.
They say hi and all it does is print out Hello right there so you could pass them in as arguments if
you wanted to.